hi everybody today i want to recap a
romance comedy movie called the girl
next door hope you enjoy
ambitious high school senior matthew
kidman has been accepted to georgetown
university but cannot afford the tuition
he has raised 25 000 in order to bring a
brilliant cambodian student samnong to
study in the united states
his life suddenly changes when a
beautiful new neighbor danielle moves in
next door
matthew witnesses her undressing from
his bedroom window until she sees him
and storms over knocking on the door
and introducing herself to his parents
they suggest to matthew that he show
danielle around town
during the car ride however danielle
wasn't mad at matthew but makes him run
naked across the street as revenge
yeah right like i'm gonna strip right
here
are you are you serious
uh-uh the whole package
psycho
matthew and danielle bond through a
series of flirtatious dares including
one that culminates with the two skinny
dipping in matthew's principal swimming
pool
at a raucous party thrown by a classmate
matthew finally finds the courage to
kiss danielle
she is receptive and they become a
couple of sorts the next day matthew's
reverie is shattered when his friend eli
informs him that danielle is an adult
film actress
you're gonna need a harder piece of wood
than that cowboy
that's not her
yeah it is
on eli's advice a still-stunned matthew
takes danielle to a sleazy motel and
treats her [ __ ]
wow
this is uh this is really nice uh
tv
air conditioner
what
what are you thinking
do you want to [ __ ] me
how do you want me
why are you doing this
isn't this what you want
to [ __ ] a porn star in a cheap motel
room
so this is what you think of me
danielle feels insulted realizes that he
has discovered her past and abruptly
ends their relationship
matthew later attempts to apologize and
reconcile but danielle believes that she
will never be able to escape her past
and decides to return to the adult
industry
matthew tracks danielle down at an adult
film convention in las vegas where kelly
an adult film producer and danielle's ex
menacingly warns matthew not to
interfere with his business
matthew ignores him convincing danielle
to leave the adult industry and begin
their relationship anew
days later an enraged kelly abducts
matthew from school and physically
assaults him saying that danielle's
failure to film has cost him thirty
thousand dollars
kelly offers to let matthew erase his
debt by stealing an award statuette from
porn mogul hugo posh but once matthew
has entered the house kelly calls in a
burglary report and leaves the premises
matthew narrowly avoids the police and
rushes to a scholarship award dinner
high on ecstasy that kelly gave him his
aspirin he improvises a deeply
sentimental speech
he endears himself to danielle but loses
out on the scholarship
kelly exacts further revenge by posing
as matthew's student advisor and
stealing all the money matthew raised
for samnon
matthew fears that he will be implicated
in the fraud and expelled from school
he turns to danielle for help in
recouping his losses
danielle calls in two friends from her
porn star days and they agree to make a
video for hugo posh on prom night using
matthew's classmates as actors
after the successful shoot danielle and
matthew have sex in their limousine
despite danielle's past it is the first
time she has truly made love
the next morning eli calls matthew in a
panic saying that the prom night tape
has been stolen jeopardizing their hopes
of financial recovery
matthew enters his house to find kelly
in possession of the tape talking with
his parents and principal salinger
[Music]
kelly in private tells matthew that
unless he is given half of all profits
he will play the stolen tape immediately
for matthew's family
matthew dares him to show the tape
saying that he no longer cares about his
future and kelly obliges
okay then on with the show
hello i'm april
and i'm ferrari
you may recognize us as stars of the
adult entertainment industry and today
we're taking time out to talk about a
very important subject
sex
so for those of you naughty boys
expecting to see a raunchy porn video
you might as well turn this off now
because you're not gonna see sex what
the [ __ ] is this [ __ ] you're gonna see
sex education
this is interesting matthew
yeah
yeah i think it's it's a great idea
surprising everyone matthew and his
friends have made a progressive
comprehensive sex ed tape rather than a
porn film
with no more cards left to play kelly
admits defeat as well as a grudging
respect for matthew
hugo posh and matthew make millions from
the video hugo posh pays for samnong to
come to the united states matthew has
enough money to attend georgetown and
take danielle to dc with him
[Music]
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video